Kingston cotton company was founded in
1917 as a limited company we've always
been in cotton manufacturing and we feel
as their always been at the leading edge
of technology throughout that period of
time in the last couple years we've
probably invested five million pounds
including the acquisition of the roland
press it's allowed us to go for markets
which historically we would have felt we
were compared to that and with this
piece of kit we have future proofed our
business for our customers the color
pilot system which Roland have
introduced is exceptionally good it give
us consistency through our print runs
which gives our customers which are
principally main brand leaders and the
marketplace that consistency of color
throughout the run the advantage of this
press is the speed of which this press
will run and make relate
this machine will do so many different
processes at the same time it takes the
plates in it takes the plates out it
does watch off its all-embracing it'll
allow you to do the very very short
production runs which would it be
prohibitive within the life of graphic
market previously because we can take
out cost from the make ready it can
reduce the unit cost without distracting
from the quality of the product the fact
that we work with preserve it means that
the machine is always maintained
it stays in the same quality today next
month next year going forward
continuously the confidence that people
at work for man roland happen with the
product themselves is critical
it is a new machine for a new generation
of print